Tian family's products are now sold well all over the country
Come on, our new products in Jiangxi will explore foreign markets
We have influenced through the cooperation of Guoda Province
Please be silent and brave
Tomorrow is not right
It's a long story.
The future will be limitless
Ah, Brother Liu
Do you still remember me?
On snowy days, I contacted my mother's life
I came to marry you
You thought I would be as few as I was five years ago
Ake
What do you mean?
I mean let you go
5 years ago, you said you would come back to marry my sister after success
Now my sister
Running Tian's Beauty Company
Worth billions
But look at this poor and sour
See for yourself if you match it.
big brother
This is my gift to you.
You want to know if I lied to you.
Just open the gift.
Nice to say
I see you are the one lying here opening and discarding
Today you know
Take the initiative to leave my sister
Do you think so too?
Yes, I already have a girlfriend
Now.